c:\users\trilok\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cfd\BackgroundAudio\SampleBackgroundAudioTask\bin\x86\Debug\SampleBackgroundAudioTask.winmd
c:\users\trilok\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cfd\BackgroundAudio\SampleBackgroundAudioTask\bin\x86\Debug\SampleBackgroundAudioTask.pdb
c:\users\trilok\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cfd\BackgroundAudio\SampleBackgroundAudioTask\bin\x86\Debug\SampleBackgroundAudioTask.pri
c:\users\trilok\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cfd\BackgroundAudio\SampleBackgroundAudioTask\bin\x86\Debug\MyPlaylistManager.winmd
c:\users\trilok\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cfd\BackgroundAudio\SampleBackgroundAudioTask\bin\x86\Debug\MyPlaylistManager.pdb
c:\users\trilok\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cfd\BackgroundAudio\SampleBackgroundAudioTask\bin\x86\Debug\MyPlaylistManager.pri
c:\users\trilok\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cfd\BackgroundAudio\SampleBackgroundAudioTask\obj\x86\Debug\SampleBackgroundAudioTask.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\trilok\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cfd\BackgroundAudio\SampleBackgroundAudioTask\obj\x86\Debug\SampleBackgroundAudioTask.winmd
c:\users\trilok\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cfd\BackgroundAudio\SampleBackgroundAudioTask\obj\x86\Debug\SampleBackgroundAudioTask.pdb
c:\users\trilok\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cfd\BackgroundAudio\SampleBackgroundAudioTask\obj\x86\Debug\SampleBackgroundAudioTask.winmdobj
c:\users\trilok\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cfd\BackgroundAudio\SampleBackgroundAudioTask\obj\x86\Debug\SampleBackgroundAudioTask.compile.pdb
c:\users\trilok\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cfd\BackgroundAudio\SampleBackgroundAudioTask\obj\x86\Debug\ResourceHandlingTask.state
c:\users\trilok\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cfd\BackgroundAudio\SampleBackgroundAudioTask\obj\x86\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\trilok\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cfd\BackgroundAudio\SampleBackgroundAudioTask\obj\x86\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\trilok\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cfd\BackgroundAudio\SampleBackgroundAudioTask\obj\x86\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\trilok\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cfd\BackgroundAudio\SampleBackgroundAudioTask\obj\x86\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\trilok\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cfd\BackgroundAudio\SampleBackgroundAudioTask\obj\x86\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\trilok\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cfd\BackgroundAudio\SampleBackgroundAudioTask\obj\x86\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\trilok\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cfd\BackgroundAudio\SampleBackgroundAudioTask\obj\x86\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\trilok\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cfd\BackgroundAudio\SampleBackgroundAudioTask\obj\x86\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\trilok\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cfd\BackgroundAudio\SampleBackgroundAudioTask\obj\x86\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\trilok\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cfd\BackgroundAudio\SampleBackgroundAudioTask\obj\x86\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\trilok\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cfd\BackgroundAudio\SampleBackgroundAudioTask\obj\x86\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
